what is going on guys my name is Ben hi
guys doing today whatever you today in
this video is actually a ramp installed
on the same laptop that you guys saw me
that replaced our hard drive in there
which is the Acer Aspire 47 30 z yeah
alright so previously I replaced the
hard drive and now I'm going to add more
RAM in there originally this laptop came
with 2 gigabytes of RAM and I bought the
exact same Ram stick the same brand the
same model number and everything and for
another 2 gigabytes so now I will have a
total of 4 gigabytes of RAM in there so
what are you gonna need for this well
they're gonna need your phillips
screwdriver just going to one of your
phillips screwdriver sets like I have
right here by Star Tech and just grab a
small phillips screwdriver that's it all
you need is that and of course
well whatever Ram you got it's actually
empty because it's already installed in
there but I did record when I was
installing the RAM so before I get
started keep in mind I'm not responsible
for any damages you have done to your
product that any damages you have made
that that's on you because you're using
this video at your own risk and that
this is only for informational purposes
only alright just wanted to keep that in
mind so without further ado let's get
started alright guys so in order to
change the rim you want to flip it over
go to the back of your computer and then
try to find the smaller compartment and
that's available and before you do
anything make sure if you're using a
laptop make sure your battery is taken
off so that way there's no power left in
the computer and if you're a desktop
user all you have to do is to make sure
that the power core is unplugged but for
laptops you want to have your battery
unplug so that way a there's no power
left on the computer and as you can see
I found the smaller compartment up this
Acer Aspire 47 30 Z and I'm just
unscrewing these here and then
you're done unscrewing them then you
want to lift open the door and then your
Rams revealed alright so here is our RAM
revealed as a closer look up and as you
can see I flipped it over and see where
my screwdriver is pointing at those are
the two latches you want to know push
back a little as you can see I'm doing
it right here the rain will come out at
a 45 degree angle and then that's how
you remove it now to put the RAM back in
there you're gonna put it back on the
same before t 5 degree angle and make
sure the sockets are matched up as you
can see right there and then once you
get it lined up then you push it in now
people would use one finger and push in
the middle I'd like to use two fingers
and push them each side as you just saw
right there yeah so that way it you know
the the Rama doesn't seem that fragile
but just in case I don't want to break
anything and then I'm gonna open up my
new Ram in here now each of these sticks
are two gigabytes the one that you just
saw me put back here
there was the original Samsung two
gigabyte ram stick and this one that I
just opened is actually the same brand
and it's the exact exact same model and
everything except it's just newer that's
it and then there's another spot right
there where I'm gonna put my new Ram
stick in there and then I'm gonna do the
same way by installing it and once
you're done with that then you just want
to put the cover back on as you can see
what I'm doing right here after that
make sure everything is closed tightly
and then I'm just gonna you know put
these screws back on and then after
putting these screws back on we can
start and putting everything back
together before we gonna get into the
computer make sure it's recognizing the
BIOS and then go into Windows and make
sure that it's recognized in Windows as
well in this case I'm running Windows 7
alright and then you just want to put
your Barry back on and yes this is
actually a new battery if you guys saw
it there from model at the beginning
that was the old battery this one's
newer because the other one was depleted
so I just bought a new battery at the
same time and there you go
alright guys so now what I'm gonna do is
before I put into Windows I'm gonna go
into the BIOS on my computer just to
make sure that the RAM is recognized and
normally it'd be like f2 f10 11 the
delete button whatever you know it'll
depend on one mortar board you have and
I'm gonna go into the main page right
here and as you can see four thousand
ninety five megabytes that's four
gigabytes of RAM installed alright guys
so now we're in Windows seven gonna go
into the start button here right click
on computer and then we're gonna go all
the way down to properties and this
loads up the specs to your computer and
everything and as you can see I got four
gigabytes of RAM installed and for a
closer look four gigabytes of RAM and
there you go that's how you install the
RAM so as you can see installing ram
into the Acer Aspire 47:32 z was not bad
at all at a very easy process and the
same goes for other laptops out there
and the same for a desktop subset that
the room for desktops are no longer and
you have the older Mac Pro's instead of
the cylinder design then obviously those
RAM sticks are much bigger than a normal
PC now as you saw in the video it said
four gigabytes of RAM and I did see that
this computer can't go Ottomans four
gigabytes of RAM but I was wondering how
come it said only two point nine three
gigabytes was usable and you guys saw
that in the club and as I kept doing
research but it was saying oh that's a
32-bit operating system for Windows
seven and so you're gonna get that no
matter what but I find that kind of hard
to believe because I also have other
32-bit machines in the house and they
have Windows 7 on it and it recognized
the full give you the full four
gigabytes of RAM so I'm not sure why is
this 2.93
thing gigabytes usable but it did say 4
gigabytes of RAM however I'm still doing
more research on this so the for the
reasoning behind that I'm still unsure
at the time and this is being recorded
and I'm still gonna do more research
about it I'm thinking maybe the rest of
the memory was used for the video card
or something which I don't believe so
maybe it would it would have specified
that because before when I had 2
gigabytes of RAM it automatically read
as two full two gigs and then with the 4
gigabyte I don't know what's going on so
I'm gonna have to check into that more
and you guys know any reasons why or any
possible reasons and that could be I
would like to hear what you guys say in
the comments below any help would be
appreciated
and I will still keep doing more
research and anyway guys that's it thing
is what you're watching and I'll see you
in the next one